The small red house is super sweet. 
Green plants are cool and tasty. 
Fixing bugs is a pain in the butt. 
Software methods and tools is a great class. 
Nico thinks that everyone should love coffee. 
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live. 
Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted timeI'm not afraid of death; I just don't want to be there when it happens. 
In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move. 
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. 
Do one thing everyday that scares you. 
An eye for an eye will only make the whole world blind. 
There's a fine line between genius and insanity. I have erased this line. 
Whether you think you can, or you think you can't--you're right. 
Life is to be enjoyed, not endured. 
I would always rather be happy than dignified. 
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. 
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong. 
It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane. 
I can't go back to yesterday because I was a different person then. 
I would challenge you to a battle of wits, but I see you are unarmed. 
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace. 
If I'd observed all the rules I'd never have got anywhere. 
I suppose I'll have to add the force of gravity to my list of enemies. 
Creativity is knowing how to hide your sources. 
The very essence of romance is uncertainty. 
Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see. 
I don't go looking for trouble. Trouble usually finds me.  
We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are. 
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. 
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive. 
Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please. 
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday. 
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night. 
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company. 
If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late. 
I'm sorry, if you were right, I'd agree with you. 
All generalizations are false, including this one. 
I cook with wine, sometimes I even add it to the food. 
I used to be Snow White, but I drifted. 
If you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. 
Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing. 
Electricity is really just organized lightning. 
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not. 
Because of their size, parents may be difficult to discipline properly. 
Adults are just outdated children. 
Housework can't kill you, but why take a chance. 
I meant what I said and I said what I meant. 
From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere. 
It is better to travel well than to arrive. 
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. 